<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>

<head>
    <meta property="article:published_time" content="2022-01-01T12:00:00.000Z" />
</head>

<body>
Boost the quality and reach of your User Research with using a free tool with a library of 30 User Research Methods
You’ve been a user researcher for a couple of years. You have nailed the basics: you are confident leading interviews, can run a usability test, and might even have a couple quantitative methods up your belt. But what next?
This blog is designed to challenge and freshen up your UX and Design Research toolkit. I’ve pulled together a comprehensive list of ~30 research methods pulled from a variety of sources and experience over my career. 
With so many different research methods to choose from, it can be overwhelming to decide which one is right for your project. To help you navigate this decision-making process, I've developed a simple framework consisting of four key questions 
TL;DR: use my free open-source tool, Find My Research Method, answer 4 questions and get some helpful suggestions for methods!
1.What stage in the life-cycle is your project/product/service?
Understanding where you are in your research and development process can help you determine which research method is most appropriate. Are you in the early stages of design, or are you ready to test a fully-developed prototype? Look back at your research objectives - are they more about understanding the user and problem space, or are they more about understanding how well your solution solves a given problem. 
Your research round should fit into one of 4 categories: Generative, Formative, Evaluative or Mixed.
2. What type of user research data do your research objectives call for?
Are you more interested in the WHY or the WHAT? Many user researchers and UX designers will have solid backgrounds in qualitative research methods. But does that mean you are always stuck using those approaches? 
A crucial concept for any researcher should be triangulation. Make your findings more rigorous and reproducible by using different sources and types of data to push your insights and conclusions. 
Your research round should fit into one of 3 categories: Qualitative, Quantitative or Mixed.
3. What do you want to test with your research participants?
Are you trying to understand users' attitudes, behaviours, or motivations? Again, go back to your research objectives and think about the stage in the lifecycle your research is in. You could rightly think that you want to know all of these things throughout your project lifecycle - that’s why we have empathy maps. Whilst this is true, often you want to emphasise different research objectives at different points - which is quicker and more efficient for your practice.
Your research round should fit into one of 3 categories: Attitudinal, Behavioural or Mixed.
4. What context will your research exist in?
By context, I mean how much does your research ‘care’ about existing products or services that the user may know or interact with. At very initial phases you may be interested more in general behaviours and attitudes, giving you an idea of user needs. As this evolves, you might start to think about how your user interacts with other products. Once you’ve developed your own product, then you’ll clearly want to test that. All of these stages hence the type of context your research will fit into.
Your research round should fit into one of 3 categories: Natural, Scripted, or Decontextualised
Let’s look at an example:
You are a UX designer working on a new e-commerce website for a client. You are in the early stages of design and are looking to gather qualitative data about users' shopping habits and preferences. You want to test a few design elements with a small group of users. The research will be conducted remotely.
Thinking about your answers to the 4 questions above, you would be looking for qualitative insights, it is at a generative phase, and it is about understanding attitudes to shopping but you have some initial ideas so you want a script with prompts. 
By using the Find My Research Method tool you can see it might be helpful to use a mix of conversion cards in an interview to help prompt users, and then conduct Participatory Design sessions to turn those ideas into specific designs to test at a later date.
Summary
By asking yourself these four key questions, you can make an informed decision about which user research method is right for your project and ensure that you gather the data you need to create a successful product or service.
The Find My Research Method tool, gives you some quick suggested methods to boost your knowledge and improve the outputs of your project!

</body>

</html>
